horaizental scrol bar is not showing in week view for week schedule routine table

horaizental scrolbar is working fine in desktop beowsing mide but the scrol bar is not visible by default
so it is quite hard me to use this
i want that when i hovor with the mouse pointer to the routine table in week view and routine view the horaizontal scroll bar will apaier

make some changes in the pdf export setting only in routine view page(not for week view pdf export setting)
dont need custom file name, file name will be autometically set (barch name/ faculty name/ day name _Generated date_time.pdf).
Additional Top-Right Text not need to castomize, set this same as file name.
dont need Faculty Table Layout.
in Typography section dont need faculty size.
dont need C.C. List Section.
dont need Head of Department Signature.

do this for only the pdf export setting for routine view page(not for week view pdf export setting)


make saved pdf export setting parmanent
there is a problem of pdf export setting, if i save a setting that will apply to download pdf, but if i refresh the page then the setting will gone, all the applied setting being cleared.
make the settings parmanent for all, create a data table on supabase to save all the saveable setting(pdf export setting for week view, schedule setting, pdf export setting for routine view, and other saveable setting).


also save overtime schedule of each day to database table, so that if i refresh the page the ovetime togle mood(on/off) not being changed


when a new user requestade to create a new account, if the acoutn type is student or cr/acr then there will another text input option to input their 11 digits student id.
create a new datatable on supabase name student_management and save all the information(student_ID, name, email, phone, batch, section, acount_type(student/cr/acr)) of student and cr/acr on the table
in the faculty section of navigation bar there is only the contact list of faculty,
replase the faculty button name to "contact", inside the contact button there will be two section, one is faculty contact list and another is student contact list.
the faculty contact list is already existing, so kepp it as it is, just add a new section for student contact list.
inside the "student" keep the same design as faculty contact list with student information(student_ID, name, email, phone, batch, section, acount_type(student/cr/acr)) and also keep the call button and whatsapp button for each student to directly call or whatsapp them.
in side the student contact list there will 2 checkboxs to filter cr/acr/student and also keep the option to fielter by batch and section.



when anyone clicking on a class box there is a option pop-up named contact faculty, there need another option to contact cr/acr of that batch and section. 

When it's time to contact faculty or CRSCR in the contact pop-up in the routine view or week view pages.
Edit the interface of contact option pop-up.
There are two options named contact faculty and contact CRACR.
Those options are showing vertically.
But I need to show them horizontally just like tab view.
And by default, all the user can see the contact faculty tab.
But when the logged in user is a faculty, he can see the contact CRSR tab by default.

In routine view page in the master view section class box clicking and contact faculty pop-up is working properly.
But when in section view and faculty view, the contact pop-up is not showing.
fix this

implement something for section view, and faculty view  in routine view page.
Implement a toggle on off option.
Regardless of the type of user, when in the section view, clicking on the class box will bring up the option to call the paying teacher by default and when in the faculty view, the option to call the corresponding CISR will come up by default. Leave it as it is now. This option will be implemented through a toggle switch, here there will be a switch toggle, when the toggle is off, it will remain as it is now, but when the toggle is turned on, the above setting will be implemented.





Semister migration feature,
there will be 2 Feature, 1. Semister Upgrade, 2. Semister Downgrade

Semister Upgrade
It is a feature that will allow the user to migrate the semister of all the student to the next semister.
that means, if the current semister is 1st year 1st semister, then it will be migrated to 1st year 2nd semister.
if the current semister is 1st year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to 2nd year 1st semister.
if the current semister is 2nd year 1st semister, then it will be migrated to 2nd year 2nd semister.
if the current semister is 2nd year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to 3rd year 1st semister.
if the current semister is 3rd year 1st semister, then it will be migrated to 3rd year 2nd semister.
if the current semister is 3rd year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to 4th year 1st semister.
if the current semister is 4th year 1st semister, then it will be migrated to 4th year 2nd semister.
if the current semister is 4th year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to Ex-Student. But there Section will remain same. Don't need to change the section of any student.

Semister Downgrade
it is a feature that will allow the user to downgrade the semister of all the student to the previous semister.
that means, if the current semister is 1st year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to 1st year 1st semister.
if the current semister is 2nd year 1st semister, then it will be migrated to 1st year 2nd semister.
if the current semister is 2nd year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to 2nd year 1st semister.
if the current semister is 3rd year 1st semister, then it will be migrated to 2nd year 2nd semister.
if the current semister is 3rd year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to 3rd year 1st semister.
if the current semister is 4th year 1st semister, then it will be migrated to 3rd year 2nd semister.
if the current semister is 4th year 2nd semister, then it will be migrated to 4th year 1st semister.
if the current semister is Ex-Student, then it will be migrated to 4th year 2nd semister. But there Section will remain same. Don't need to change the section of any student.
but if the surrent semister is 1st year 1st semister, then it will not be migrated to Incoming student. 

create a page named "Semister Migration" and implement the feature there. and give a option named "Semister Migration" in the setting navigation bar. And this option will allow the admin to access this page. only admin can access this page.
make this page dynamic, comprehensive, and user-friendly. with the list of all students and the status of there semister - before migration amd after migration. 
there will be two button, one is "Semister Upgrade" and another is "Semister Downgrade". and when the user click on any of the button, it will perform the respective action.

when the admin click any of the button, it will perform the respective action. and on the database the semister of all the student will be updated accordingly.